---
source: "website"
content_type: "other"
url: "https://www.longitude73.com/terms"
title: "Terms and Conditions of Use"
domain: "www.longitude73.com"
path: "/terms"
scraped_time: "2025-10-04T17:59:19.906212"
url_depth: 1
word_count: 2280
client_name: "longitude-73"
---

# Terms And Conditions Of Use

Last updated: June 14, 2018

Terms and Conditions of Use

The following Terms and Conditions of Use apply to all AmericanTowns Media sites, AmericanTowns.com, greentowns.com and whatsgoodhere.com (collectively “the Sites”, and individually “the Site”), each of which is hosted by AmericanTowns Media, LLC (hereafter, “AmericanTowns Media”) using its proprietary Local Platform:

By using any of the Sites, you agree with respect to that Site and all Sites to the following terms and conditions:

The materials posted on these pages by community members or by AmericanTowns Media may be retrieved solely for your own personal use and may be downloaded to your own hard disk or sent to a printer solely for that purpose. You may not otherwise copy, modify or distribute the contents of these pages without the express permission of AmericanTowns Media.

Portions of these pages provide users an opportunity to exchange ideas and information. The ideas and information posted do not necessarily reflect the views of AmericanTowns Media. While using these pages, you agree not to post, transmit or otherwise distribute any material that may be unlawful, obscene, defamatory, threatening, infringing on any copyright or other rights of others, or damaging to software or hardware. You may not advertise or solicit on these pages without AmericanTowns Media’s express permission.

AmericanTowns Media reserves the right, which it may or may not exercise, to review, edit or delete any material that it deems to be inappropriate or in violation of these Terms and Conditions of Use and to deny access to anyone who violates these Terms and Conditions of Use. NOTWITHSTANDING THE ABOVE, AMERICANTOWNS MEDIA EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR ANY MATERIAL COMMUNICATED BY THIRD PARTIES THROUGH THESE PAGES OR FOR ANY CLAIMS, DAMAGES OR LOSSES RESULTING FROM THE USE THEREOF.

By posting or submitting material to these pages you represent that you have all necessary rights in and to such material and that such material will not infringe on any personal or proprietary rights of any third parties. You authorize AmericanTowns Media to use and/or authorize others to use such material in any manner or medium. You are solely responsible for the content that you post on the Site or through any of the AmericanTowns Media Services, and any material or information that you transmit to other users and for your interactions with other users. Neither AmericanTowns Media nor the owner of the Site endorses or has control over the content. Content is not necessarily reviewed by AmericanTowns Media prior to posting and does not necessarily reflect the opinions or policies of AmericanTowns Media or the owner of the Site. Neither AmericanTowns Media nor the owner of the Site makes any warranties, express or implied, as to the content or to the accuracy and reliability of the content or any material or information that you transmit to other users or that you find on the Site.

Accuracy of Content: Neither AmericanTowns Media nor the owner of the Site is responsible for any incorrect or inaccurate content posted on the Site or in connection with the AmericanTowns Media Services, including inaccuracies caused by users of the AmericanTowns Media Services or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the AmericanTowns Media Services. Content created and posted by users on the Site may contain links to other websites. Neither AmericanTowns Media nor the owner of the Site is responsible for the content, accuracy or opinions expressed on such websites, and such websites are in no way investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy or completeness by AmericanTowns Media or by the owner of the Site. By providing this service, neither AmericanTowns Media nor the owner of the Site is undertaking any responsibility or liability for information or publications of third parties on the Internet or any goods or services offered through such websites even if you access them through these pages. Access of any such websites or the access or purchase of any goods or services offered through such websites is at your sole risk.

Photos: If you are submitting photos, you represent and promise that (i) you are at least 18 years of age, (ii) you are the person who originally took the photograph (picture), (ii) you have all necessary rights to submit this photograph and to grant others a license to use the photograph, including, without limitation, the consent of any person pictured in the photograph, and that your posting of such photograph does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights or any other rights of any person or entity, and (iv) you have not previously conveyed exclusive rights to use this photograph to any other person; and you authorize AmericanTowns Media and its licensees to reproduce, distribute, publish, display, edit, modify, create derivative works and otherwise use the picture for any purpose in any form and on any media. You further represent that you have accurately conveyed the information above, and grant AmericanTowns Media and the owner of the Site an irrevocable, royalty-free, nonexclusive license to use the picture and to grant to others the right to use the picture in AmericanTowns Media’s sole discretion. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless AmericanTowns Media and the owner of the Site from any and all liability, penalties, losses, damages, costs, expenses, attorney’s fees, causes of action or claims caused by or resulting directly or indirectly from your submission of this picture without limitation or exception. Submitting this picture does not prevent you from using the picture yourself and giving others the right to use it. AmericanTowns Media will make the determination of whether or not to use the picture on the Site in its own discretion. You understand that your picture may be rated or commented on by visitors to the Site, and that these ratings and comments may be negative. Your name, IP address, and the exact time of the submission may be recorded along with your submission for our records. AmericanTowns Media may edit your picture before publishing it (e.g., to resize it).

Press Releases: AmericanTowns Media will distribute press releases according to the media location(s) selected by you or by us in our sole discretion, and according to the preferred method of receipt as indicated in our media database. AmericanTowns Media will use its best efforts to provide you a media list that is accurate and complete. Neither AmericanTowns Media nor the owner of the Site shall have any liability for the content of any press release or other information provided by you or by other users of the Site. Neither AmericanTowns Media nor the owner of the Site has any responsibility to verify any facts contained within any such content. Therefore, you represent and warrant that (i) you have the authority to submit news releases and other content to AmericanTowns Media for distribution; (ii) any person or party submitting a news release on your behalf is authorized to do so; (iii) the content you submit and its distribution will not violate any copyright, trademark or service mark rights, right of privacy or publicity or other right of any person, and such content is not obscene, libelous, slanderous or otherwise defamatory, false or misleading.

AmericanTowns Media reserves the right to reject any press release or other content you submit if we determine in our sole discretion that the content is unsuitable for distribution and we shall have no liability for rejecting any press releases on those grounds. These reasons may include, but are not limited to: content which includes adult material, obscenities or profanity; content which promotes violence, illegal activities, discrimination based on race, sex, religion, age, nationality, sexual orientation or disability; press releases which appear to be an advertisement, call the reader to action, create legal concerns for AmericanTowns Media or the owner of the Site, vary significantly from standard press release format or contain excessive grammatical or typographical errors. Moreover, we reserve the right to make non-material edits in headline, dateline, body and/or contact information for the purposes of making a press release or other content suitable for distribution.

Services: As consideration for any Services purchased by you and provided to you by AmericanTowns Media, you agree to pay AmericanTowns Media at the time you order. All fees are due immediately and are non-refundable unless otherwise expressly noted, even if your Services are suspended, terminated, or transferred prior to the end of the Services term. AmericanTowns Media expressly reserves the right to modify pricing through email notification and/or notice on the Site or on the AmericanTowns Media.com website. If you signed up for a Community Sponsorship or other advertising plan, your billing date will be determined based on the day of the month you purchase the Services. Under our old yearly sponsorship program, your sponsorship will automatically renew one year from the date of purchase. Under our new monthly program, your sponsorship will automatically renew each month after the date of purchase. AmericanTowns Media will automatically renew your Services when they come up for renewal and will take payment from the Payment Method you have on file with AmericanTowns Media, at AmericanTowns Media’s then current rates. To cancel at any time, please contact us at info@americantowns.com. Please note you will not receive a prorated refund for any cancellation of the Services.

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads and collect information when users visit the Site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to the Site and other websites in order to provide advertisements on the Site, other websites and other forms of media about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, check out http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.

You agree that you are solely liable for arranging that your Services are renewed, and that AmericanTowns Media shall not be liable to you or any third party if it is unable to charge your Payment Method in order to renew your Services.

NEITHER AMERICANTOWNS MEDIA NOR THE OWNER OF THE SITE MAKES ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THESE PAGES OR THEIR CONTENTS (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION MATERIAL COMMUNICATED BY THIRD PARTIES), WHICH ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. AMERICANTOWNS MEDIA AND THE OWNER OF THE SITE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITH RESPECT TO THESE PAGES. NEITHER AMERICANTOWNS MEDIA NOR THE OWNER OF THE SITE MAKES ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES THAT THE SERVICES PROVIDED BY THESE PAGES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE PAGES OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES THEM AVAILABLE ARE FREE FROM VIRUSES, WORMS OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. NEITHER AMERICANTOWNS MEDIA NOR THE OWNER OF THE SITE MAKES ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO WHETHER THE INFORMATION ACCESSIBLE VIA THESE PAGES IS ACCURATE, COMPLETE OR CURRENT.

IN NO EVENT SHALL AMERICANTOWNS MEDIA, ITS EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS, THE OWNER OF THE SITE, ITS EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS, NOR ANYONE ELSE WHO HAS BEEN INVOLVED IN THE CREATION, PRODUCTION, OR DELIVERY OF THESE PAGES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SUCH AS, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF ANTICIPATED PROFITS, BENEFITS, USE, OR DATA RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THESE PAGES.

These pages are controlled and operated by AmericanTowns Media in the United States and are intended for use within the United States. Neither AmericanTowns Media nor the owner of the Site makes any representation that materials on these pages are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who choose to access these pages from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws. These Terms and Conditions of Use shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. Any action to enforce these Terms and Conditions of Use shall be brought in the federal or state courts located in the State of New York.

THE EUROPEAN UNION GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR) IS A COMPREHENSIVE DATA PROTECTION LAW THAT GOVERNS HOW ENTITIES THAT ARE OPERATING IN THE EU OR OFFERING PRODUCTS OR SERVICES TO INDIVIDUALS IN THE EU OR MONITORING THE BEHAVIOR OF EU DATA SUBJECTS HANDLE PERSONAL DATA. NEITHER AMERICANTOWNS MEDIA NOR THE OWNER OF THE SITE: i) OPERATES IN THE EU; OR ii) PROCESSES PERSONAL DATA OF DATA SUBJECTS IN THE EU WHERE THE ACTIVITIES RELATE TO OFFERING GOODS OR SERVICES TO SUCH DATA SUBJECTS OR MONITORING THE BEHAVIOR OF SUCH DATA SUBJECTS IN THE EU. NEITHER AMERICANTOWNS MEDIA NOR THE OWNER OF THE SITE MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY AS TO THE APPROPRIATENESS OF THE CONTENTS OF THESE PAGES FOR DATA SUBJECTS WHOSE PERSONAL INFORMATION IS GOVERNED BY GDPR.

Use of the Site and the AmericanTowns Media Services is also governed by our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into this Agreement by this reference.

If you believe content on the Site or other AmericanTowns Media Sites infringes your copyright or other intellectual property rights, or is defamatory, you can contact our agent for service of notice at AmericanTowns Media, LLC 59 Wilton Road, Westport, CT 06880, dmca@americantowns.com. Please make sure your notice meets the Digital Millennium Copyright Act requirements. [View the DMCA Policy and Agent Information.](https://americantownsmedia.com/dmca/)

AmericanTowns Media reserves the right to change these Terms and Conditions of Use at any time without notice.

If you do not agree with these Terms and Conditions of Use, do not use the Web pages or the Sites hosted by AmericanTowns Media.

Updated: 5/18/2015