---
source: "website"
content_type: "services_products"
url: "https://www.xagency.com/digital-marketing-services-the-x-way"
title: "The X Way - Digital Performance Marketing"
domain: "www.xagency.com"
path: "/digital-marketing-services-the-x-way"
scraped_time: "2025-10-05T01:49:34.390947"
url_depth: 1
word_count: 868
client_name: "x-agency"
---

# The X Way

#### Turn marketing potential into growth, growth into revenue, and revenue into transformation across all digital channels

Our proprietary X System and X Team masters your Ideal Customer Profile (ICP) and deploys advanced AI to turn marketing potential into growth, growth into revenue, and revenue into transformation across all digital channels.

We provide trusted advisor expertise to help companies profitably acquire and retain high-value customers while balancing ROAS with growth, CPL/CPA with efficiency, and CAC with scalability.

##### 01.

# Search Engine Marketing

#### pay per click on google and bing

Meet your customers right where they are to promote your business, help sell products or services, raise awareness, and increase traffic to your website with Search Engine Marketing via Google and Bing. Harness intent with Google’s massive reach to drive results quicker than SEO, maintaining full control of your campaigns at all times. Reach the right audiences and drive effective results through Search, Shopping, Demand Generation, and Youtube campaigns.

##### 02.

# Paid Social

#### STOP THE SCROLL ADVERTISING ON META & LINKEDIN

Meta advertising provides businesses with measurable results. Advertisers can track the number of clicks, impressions, and conversions generated by their ads. This can help businesses to understand the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and make data-driven decisions to optimize their advertising strategy throughout all stages of the funnel. Drive targeted demand through a variety of campaign types including prospecting, remarketing, dynamic product ads, and more.

### Do You Know How AI Fits into Digital Marketing in 2025?

Learn how to amplify digital marketing results across all channels while navigating the nuances in an AI-driven world with our free eBook.  It is just a quick 20 min read to help you better understand how to attain transformative digital marketing results in 2025.

##### 03.

# Search Engine Optimization

#### RANK ON FIRST PAGE SEARCH RESULTS

Improve digital marketing ROI by driving high-quality traffic to your website and targeting every stage of the buying funnel. Keep costs under control while generating cost-effective leads, increasing brand awareness, and reaching target audiences in a way that meets their needs. By understanding and implementing SEO best practices, see increased business growth and higher engagement, all without spending a thing.

##### 04.

# Email & SMS Marketing

#### grow lifetime value & retention

Reach the right people at the right time with dedicated, strategic email campaigns. Communicate effectively with your audiences and increase revenue by creating personalized content, collecting feedback, and generating traffic to your website. Convert prospective customers, boost referrals, upsell to current customers, and re-engage with past customers through key email flows designed to align directly with your core business KPIs.

## What Is The X Way

#### TURN MARKETING POTENTIAL INTO GROWTH, GROWTH INTO REVENUE,  
AND REVENUE INTO TRANSFORMATION ACROSS ALL DIGITAL CHANNELS

* * *

### RESEARCH

We start by assessing your current public marketing and competitors, then collaborate with your team to define your ICP, KPIs, and communication goals.

* * *

### AUDIT

We establish baseline analytics for placements, budget, and ROAS to quickly identify improvement opportunities and set benchmarks for future success.

* * *

### optimize

This is not a set and forget step -- it requires constant oversight to track every campaign on every platform and accommodate any algorithm, market or economic changes as fast as possible.

* * *

### AMPLIFY

Once identified KPIs are proving out, then ensuring the omnichannel experience and leverage all efforts to maximize results beyond expectation are taken.

* * *

### ITERATE

Digital marketing is a process and not a project. We ensure continued success by effectively measuring and reporting and then strategically iterating and/or pivoting tactics.

### Ready to bring your business to the next level?

If you are tired of lackluster results from your current digital marketing efforts, then let X Agency show you how to deliver measurable results that exceed expectations.

## Frequently Asked Questions

What services does X Agency offer?

At X Agency, we provide a comprehensive range of digital marketing services tailored to meet the unique needs of our clients. Our offerings include search engine optimization (SEO), pay-per-click (PPC) advertising, social media marketing, content marketing and email marketing. We specialize in helping eCommerce businesses, B2B lead generation, and local businesses enhance their online presence and drive measurable results.

How do you measure the success of your marketing campaigns?

We believe in data-driven decision-making. Success is measured through key performance indicators (KPIs) that align with your business goals. These may include website traffic, conversion rates, lead generation, return on investment (ROI), and engagement metrics. We provide regular reports and analytics to keep you informed about campaign performance and to make necessary adjustments for continuous improvement.

How long does it take to see results from digital marketing efforts?

The timeline for seeing results can vary based on several factors, including the types of services implemented, your industry, and your current online presence. Generally, SEO efforts may take several months to yield significant results, while PPC campaigns can deliver immediate traffic and leads. We work closely with you to set realistic expectations and provide ongoing support to ensure your marketing strategies are effective and aligned with your goals.