---
source: "website"
content_type: "blogs_resources"
url: "https://whitelabeldigital.co/tag/conversion-tracking/"
title: "Conversion Tracking"
domain: "whitelabeldigital.co"
path: "/tag/conversion-tracking/"
scraped_time: "2025-10-04T18:06:26.384408"
url_depth: 2
word_count: 1389
client_name: "white-label-digital"
---

# conversion tracking

### Viewing posts tagged conversion tracking

## [Post-View Conversion Audit](https://whitelabeldigital.co/post-view-conversion-audit/)

By Robert Pettee

I often wonder what portion of a client’s post-view conversions they’d see if they weren’t running ads. That is, how many conversions would have happened anyhow, regardless of whether or not the user(s) see my client’s ad? It’s similar to discussing whether or not to turn SEM ads on or off related to your brand keywords, should your brand name be a popular one. Consider that an ad impression can happen without the user noticing the ad, or without the ad image itself even being visible on the user’s screen. Post-click is what we’re all used to tracking, of course, but there’s value in discerning what your post-view (no ad click) reach looks like. At the very least, you’d like to think that you’re paying to display your ads in places where users are more likely [than average] to be your customer, and that they saw your ad on the screen. As cookies go away and privacy settings evolve, even post-click website activity can be difficult to attribute to specific digital sources. Even with a focus on post-click activity, this analysis can be insightful. It’s important to understand what post-view can mean, though. For example, it’s entirely possible to “reach” an audience, even saturate an audience with ads for a brief time, and then wait for conversions to roll-in. For example, we recently unpacked a “Geofencing” tool that a client was running and found that 90% of their impressions were derived from 320×50 mobile, in-app placements, mostly games. Their CPM was low, CTR was high, CPC was low, and it laid claim to tens of thousands of in-store visits for their retail client. As it turns out, of the 30,000 or so in-store conversions they’d claim in a month, over 98% were post-view, with those users never having interacted with an ad. Never mind that only 50% of the ad clicks registered a site session (incidental or accidental clicks), or that the clicks which did reach the site showed a 95% bounce rate and an average session duration of 0:02. It’s very possible to leverage cheap online placements and make a pile of trash look successful on paper. Beyond digging through your data, consider using a PSA to track users who have NOT seen your ad as a means to know what portion of your audience might convert without seeing any ads. It’s an interesting approach, though it can be difficult to segment that population and ensure that they only see the PSA ads. It’s not critical for most clients, but for some it’s important to know how many people “would have” converted anyhow, had you not spent money on paid ads to reach them. – _We’re always looking for problems to solve, and we’re happy to show you how we do it. Drop us a line [**here**](https://whitelabeldigital.co/contact/) or email us directly at _info@whitelabeldigital.co_ for more info._

## [Can I Just Build You a Website?](https://whitelabeldigital.co/can-i-just-build-you-a-website/)

By Robert Pettee

If you’re at an agency, you’ve almost certainly seen clients with websites that you’d suggest they show nobody, ever. We’ve got a couple of digital tactics on-hand for these clients, where we drive people to call or convert without sending anyone to the client’s site. Do what you need to do, in order to monetize the traffic you generate with ad spend, that’s the idea. It’s also a bit of a shock to some clients that simply putting information in an image and showing that image on screens is “job done”. Ads get people’s attention and drive them to a website that needs to convey benefits and CTAs to push the user down a conversion funnel. We’ll also build a website if we truly need one. For one client a few years ago, we spent upwards of $40,000 building a website and custom CMS for evolving coupons and promotions. They were a huge group of franchise owners in the retail space, across the country, without access to track the website managed by headquarters. Even with access, it wasn’t what we needed, so we just built a new site that’d let us offer-up downloadable coupons and spin-up pages & promotions on a dime, all tracked properly. Our pricing model let us simply bake-in that cost, or at least most of it, over the course of the year. No debates, no corralling 800 business owners, no underestimation or confusion [on the part of the client] as to the value of having this new website. Do what you need to do, in order to monetize the traffic you generate with ad spend, as always. The concept of monetizing your website visitors, focusing on revenue per visitor, is another reason why we love testing landing pages. The numbers don’t lie, testing works and without an adequate website you just can’t get that done. Consider paid ad landing pages during development and you’ll be able to get the assets that you need for a tiny additional expense to the project. – _We’re always looking for problems to solve, and we’re happy to show you how we do it. Drop us a line [**here**](https://whitelabeldigital.co/contact/) or email us directly at _info@whitelabeldigital.co_ for more info._

## [What is a Conversion Worth?](https://whitelabeldigital.co/what-is-a-conversion-worth/)

By Robert Pettee

We’ve recently been revisiting the value that we associate to conversion events like phone calls or form completions. Clients with online purchase events are easily handled, once the technical work is done. For most clients though, associating a value to each conversion event can be exceedingly difficult to get right. For every client, it’s worth exploring. We often find ourselves simply offering a calculation to a client that depicts how many of each conversion type we’d expect to see for every $1K in ad spend, for example. What is a conversion, after all? For a typical client, in Google alone, we might have: 

- Clicks to Call (Google Maps, website) 
- Calls placed (as tracked by Google Ads call numbers) 
- Calls over a certain duration (deemed a “conversion” in Google Ads) 
- Contact forms 
- Application, Tour, or Calendar bookings 
- Purchase or Subscription 

Consider this little problem from a different perspective; it’s less important that you know exactly what a conversion is worth, and more important that you know what each conversion is worth in relation to the other conversions. We often use a scale of 1 to 100 (1-1,000 for larger ticket events). In that scale, with your most valuable conversion being worth “100”, where do the other conversions fall on that scale? Maybe a phone call is worth 1/2 what an online form is worth, and you might ignore calls that come from branded SEM traffic as those are a unique circumstance. Maybe calls over 2 or 3 minutes are worth 100, while shorter calls are worth less. You might also have things like newsletter sign-ups, coupons or white paper downloads, or even sessions over a certain duration. Those little things can be helpful to feed back to ad platforms as signals to help guide ad campaigns, but you’ll need to use them properly or you’ll drive yourself off the rails. Value is only part of the equation, of course. Attribution modeling is a different topic, but applying values and mining the data is important without getting complicated with modeling, cross-channel attribution, and other tricky bits. Keep in mind that this might immediately ID sources of higher value “conversions”, but it also enables testing of value-oriented bid strategies in Google Ads. You’ll want at least a month of value tracking in your data before you test it, but Maximize Conversion Value could help you drive more of the conversions that you really want. To put this another way, if you’re not paying attention to what value you attribute to each conversion event, you’re telling Google Ad that they’re all equal in value. Don’t feel compelled to assign values if you truly can’t ID them with some level of certainty, but at the very least you’ll want to make sure forms and purchases aren’t seen as equal to a phone call or click-based action. – _We’re always looking for problems to solve, and we’re happy to show you how we do it. Drop us a line [**here**](https://whitelabeldigital.co/contact/) or email us directly at _info@whitelabeldigital.co_ for more info._