---
source: "website"
content_type: "services_products"
url: "https://www.ubiqeducation.com/personalised-experience-demo"
title: "Personalised Experience with UBIQ Education"
domain: "www.ubiqeducation.com"
path: "/personalised-experience-demo"
scraped_time: "2025-10-05T04:41:49.755331"
url_depth: 1
word_count: 491
client_name: "ubiq-education"
---

# Personalised Experience | Websites For Schools | UBIQ Education | Daring To Be Different

## to Ubiq.

Thank you for your enquiry. The UBIQ team will be in touch with you shortly.

In the meantime, we thought we'd take you on a journey and show you some of the opportunities that can soon be yours for the taking with **Amais**, our leading-edge school marketing platform.

As tech experts, we saw an opportunity for websites to become more than shopfronts for schools. Instead, we imagined digital marketing tools that aided schools to better understand their customers and be empowered to deliver complex, personalised marketing strategies directly to them - just like the ones you'll see on this page.

**We built our platform from the ground up with schools like yours in mind, and with the goal to maximise marketing outcomes.**

**Schools across the world are using our platform to _really_ get to know their customers.**

**The idea of UBIQ AMAIS is simple; we bring you closer to your customers by leveraging first-party data.**

Don't believe us? Here's how it all starts:

**1. A Prospective Family Visits Your Website**

They're greeted by a _**bespoke experience**_ that is tailored to your unique school brand. They are taken on a journey learning at each step more and more about what makes your school the right choice for their family.

**2. Their Journey Convinces Them To Enquire**

Your website should be considered as **_a lead generator_**; every experience that a user has with the website should engage them and steer them towards getting in touch, and becoming a lead.

**3. Turn Your Leads Into Prospects**

The leads generated by your website are _**worth their weight in gold**_, literally! Every lead that you manage to turn into a genuine prospect, and then into a signed contract, represents valuable income.

Decide with data

**Data is the most valuable weapon in your arsenal.**

While your prospective family has used your website, we have been learning as much about them as they have about you.

_**What are they interested in? Where are they? Who are they? How should you speak with them? How did they find you?**_

These are all important questions that will be answered in our Digital Experience Platform (DXP). Each lead that your website generates will allow you to perform detailed analysis before you respond, so you can tailor your response to best suit the person you are talking to.

Effective use of data enables schools to make highly informed marketing decisions, accurately report return on marketing investment (ROMI) down to the individual wins, and create tailored content. All of this data can be leveraged as part of automatic workflows and 1-to-1 website personalisation, letting the data do the work so you don't have to!

## , see your potential

[Book Your Demo Today](https://www.ubiqeducation.com/book-a-demo?utm_source=pe&utm_medium=page&utm_campaign=pepage)

## Read all about it!

We have curated a selection of our latest news articles and case studies for your reading pleasure.