---
source: "website"
content_type: "services_products"
url: "https://www.d2creative.com/capabilities/search-engine-optimization/"
title: "Search Engine Optimization, SEO Audits & Traffic Analysis"
domain: "www.d2creative.com"
path: "/capabilities/search-engine-optimization/"
scraped_time: "2025-09-06T13:53:09.328748"
url_depth: 2
word_count: 453
client_name: "D2 Creative"
---

# Search Engine Optimization, SEO Audits & Traffic Analysis

CAPABILITIES Search Engine Optimization (SEO) CAPABILITIES SEO Audits & Site Updates Fact: Buyers use search engines every day to find products and services. You need them to find your company, not the competition… how do you stand out? At D2 Creative, we specialize in crafting effective SEO strategies that propel your brand to the top of search engine results pages. Our consultants will work with you to evaluate your products, services, and target customers to determine the approach you need to influence buying decisions. This strategy might take the form of web page copy, infographics, images, video, or more likely, some combination of all of these. We conduct keyword research and align priority terms and phrases to your content to ensure success. Then we’ll review your website to determine if there are any technical issues that need to be addressed. Factors like page load speed and mobile-friendliness can have a real impact on your page’s ability to rank in search engines. Finally, before putting everything in place, we’ll prepare a baseline analysis report to ensure that going forward performance can be effectively measured. Higher search rankings aren’t immediate, but SEO works. Most clients see double-digit improvements in key metrics within 3-4 months. Request an audit of your website’s performance and keyword rankings. Organic and Paid Search Strategies The top website traffic drivers are from organic and paid search . Pay-per-click advertising often results in an immediate boost in traffic, but it can be expensive to maintain and the quality of users may be poor if audience targeting isn’t thoughtfully planned. It is wise to spend the time developing a well-thought-out campaign. Organic tactics like search engine optimization are very effective and offer significant long-term advantages. SEO may require more upfront work in research, planning, and content creation, but in time it will deliver consistent and highly qualified traffic to your site. With our clients, we regularly see that visitors arriving organically via search engines view more pages, stay longer, and convert more than those arriving from other channels. A key factor in successful organic and paid search strategies is developing a manageable and affordable combination of both. We’d like to help you define that mix. Did you know? You can (and should) optimize all of your content for search, not just your website. Read about how our team optimized videos on the IEEE EMBS YouTube channel, resulting in a 38% increase in views and a 21% increase in watch time. Case Study: Optimizing the Social Media Presence of an International Biotech Society . Capabilities Appendix Awards & Certifications D2 Creative is a Women-owned Minority-owned Business. ©2025 D2 Creative. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy X Project Impressions and Clicks on Top Digital Platforms Calculate