---
source: "website"
content_type: "industry_markets"
url: "https://www.d2creative.com/category/life-sciences-industry/"
title: "Life Sciences Industry Archives - D2Creative"
domain: "www.d2creative.com"
path: "/category/life-sciences-industry/"
scraped_time: "2025-09-06T13:53:08.149841"
url_depth: 2
word_count: 1816
client_name: "D2 Creative"
---

# Life Sciences Industry Archives - D2Creative

Category: Life Sciences Industry Launch Products with Confidence & Land with Impact Posted on July 22, 2025 July 22, 2025 by Keith Rasmussen More budget. More scrutiny. More stakeholders are watching every move. Product launches today are high-stakes events, with internal and external teams closely tracking every detail, and the difference between success and failure can come down to how well you execute on every front. If you’re preparing a product launch or relaunch, here’s what you need to do, and what most teams often miss. Strategic Messaging & Nailing the Narrative Your product might be brilliant, but if your messaging doesn’t connect with the right stakeholders (which could include surgeons, clinicians, procurement teams, executives), then your launch won’t land. What many teams miss: Aligning messaging with buyer pain points and regulatory realities upfront. Integrated Campaign Planning – Now is Not the Time for the Status Quo A launch shouldn’t be just one ad group or email. It’s a carefully choreographed mix of tactics that builds momentum and trust. What many teams miss: Coordinating digital ads, webinars, trade show presence, content marketing, and sales enablement to reinforce each other. Creative Execution & Building Assets That Do More Than Look Good A sleek sales deck or explainer video means nothing if it doesn’t motivate action. What many teams miss: Creating content designed to inform and convert. Real-Time Launch Optimizations to Maintain Steam No campaign stays perfect once it goes live. Ad fatigue can happen sooner than you plan, and the market, competitors, and audiences all shift fast. What many teams miss: Ongoing performance monitoring and nimble adjustments that keep your launch ahead. Launching Something Big? Let's Talk. Bringing a new product to market in the life sciences industry is no small feat. Success requires strategic storytelling, precise positioning, and seamless execution across channels. That’s where D2 Creative comes in. We help life science companies plan, launch, and scale new products with campaigns that build momentum and drive results from day one. Download our Product Marketing Checklist here. Posted in Digital Marketing , Medical Device Marketing , Life Sciences Industry Tagged Digital Marketing Engaging Content that Redefines the Way We Educate Patients Posted on July 16, 2025 July 23, 2025 by ahemenway How to Create Clear, Engaging Patient Education Content (That's Not Just Another PDF) You’re on the front lines of patient advocacy, education, and engagement and believe in empowering patients with the knowledge they need to take control of their health, but you face a tough reality: Patients tune out because materials are dense, dry, or filled with jargon. Navigating compliance and legal restrictions limits creative freedom in patient education. Internal buy-in is hard to get, and you’re constantly fighting for budget and resources. Health education competes with marketing noise and online content, yet lacks the creative edge to stand out. You know patient education can be better. But how do you make it happen without hitting roadblocks, or wasting budget on materials that don’t work? Ineffective Patient Education Wastes Time and Money Most patient educational content these days is a collection of text-heavy PDFs or static web pages that get little engagement. These solutions are inexpensive to produce, but often fail to drive real patient understanding, leading to more questions, confusion, and non-adherence. Investing in high-quality patient education is a strategic move that, ultimately, saves more time, resources, and can help drive better patient outcomes. Taking a More Creative Approach The most effective way to approach creating educational content for patients is by doing it in a way that blends creativity, science, and compliance. This way you’re creating materials that are: Designed for engagement – Use animation, engaging visuals, and compelling storytelling to simplify complex topics and hold attention. Educational, not promotional – Focus your content on empowering patients, not selling to them. Scientifically sound, not oversimplified – Translating complex concepts without dumbing them down helps user comprehension without feeling condescension. Compliant but not boring – It’s important to keep regulatory constraints in mind, but that shouldn’t stop you from using metaphors or a touch of humor to help with explanations. Backed by expertise – Don’t create content in a vacuum: collaborate with medical professionals, patient advocacy groups, and industry experts to ensure accuracy and relevance. The Future of Patient Education Starts with You With the right approach, you become the champion for meaningful, effective patient education. Here’s a how the process of pivoting your patient education strategy: Step 1: Define and Align. Start by clarifying your goals, your audience, and the topics that matter most. This sets the foundation for creating content that resonates. Step 2: Create and Validate. From there, creative takes shape, bringing complex ideas to life in a way that’s clear, engaging, and medically sound. Establish ongoing input from patient advocates, which helps ensure accuracy and accessibility throughout. Step 3: Deliver and Amplify. Finally, a smart distribution strategy helps your content reach the people who need it, where and when it matters most. If you’re exploring ways to elevate your patient education efforts, we’re happy to take a look at what you’re working on and offer some ideas. Posted in Luminations , Life Sciences Industry Tagged Digital Storytelling , Video Production , Video Production & Storytelling Maximize Your Presence at MedTech Tradeshows Posted on February 28, 2024 May 5, 2025 by Scott Holmes Tradeshows remain invaluable opportunities for MedTech and medical device companies to showcase innovation and expertise while building connections with prospects, leads, and clients. But to maximize impact, navigating these events requires a strategic approach. Here are our key strategies to ensure that your participation in tradeshows is not a mere appearance, but a powerful statement of your brand’s commitment to advancement and excellence. Download Posted in Medical Device Marketing , Life Sciences Industry Tagged Campaign Development Top Trends in the Medical Device and Life Science Marketing Industry to Leverage in 2022 Posted on March 27, 2022 November 14, 2024 by Scott Holmes This Year, Consider These Medical Device Industry Trends D2 Creative has compiled the top trends we believe companies should consider throughout the remainder of 2022. Trend: Wearable Technology Devices Now more than ever, consumers are wearing medical devices like watches and wristbands – namely, Apple Watch, Samsung, Fitbit, etc. Users get the benefits of tracking their heart rates (sometimes even blood pressure, depending on what apps they download) and blood oxygen levels, as well as measuring activity levels and calorie expenditure through exercise output. Consumers can keep track of health records over time and quickly send out emergency calls/alerts if in a dire health situation. The normalization of wearable devices has made consumers more comfortable using medical devices at home. However, companies need to create the right educational content to ensure all providers and their patients are able to utilize the technology correctly. Read a case study included in our whitepaper . Trend: Virtual Reality/Augmented Reality Virtual Reality (VR) and Augmented Reality (AR) can serve many functions in the medical device and life sciences industry. For example, VR and AR can help physicians and surgeons practice their medical care in real-time. They can plug into an environment to practice certain skills or use virtual calculators to see the cost-benefit analysis of implementing new technologies. Companies that already leverage VR and AR experiences can market and promote themselves by highlighting the benefits of this trend in social media posts, specifically patient and physician case studies, as well as videos demonstrating the use of this technology in their practice. Download the whitepaper for a case study , as well as other industry trends and stats. Trend: Remote Meetings We saw the sharp rise of telemedicine during the pandemic, and patients are more open to this experience in their healthcare. Similarly, HCPs expect at least some of their meetings with sales professionals to continue virtually . There’s still room for medical device and life science companies to optimize how they leverage platforms and applications to conduct calls. This can include the use of video and call meeting software, as well as organizational platforms that keep track of patient and vendor appointments and keeps data secure. Trend: Increased Digital Engagement Even as the world reopens, medical device organizations must continue to embrace digital marketing and sales channels. 84% of surveyed healthcare providers found a new sales model that incorporates online self-service and virtual interactions to be as, if not more, effective than the pre-pandemic model (Accenture, 2021). Digital marketing services from an agency that specializes in medical device and life science organizations can get companies in touch with other businesses and consumers that want their products and services. Posted in Medical Device Marketing , Life Sciences Industry D2 Creative and Veeva Systems Partnership Q&A Posted on October 13, 2021 March 11, 2025 by Laura Lentchitsky President of D2 Creative, Mike DeFabrizio , discusses the thriving partnership between D2 Creative and Veeva Systems, and what it means for D2 clients. What is D2’s relationship with Veeva Systems? Veeva is a leading provider of software solutions for the global life sciences industry, and our agency specializes in development, marketing, and communications in life sciences as well as the medical devices and technology industries. Many of our clients use Veeva, and have looked to us to make a great solution work even better for their sales teams. D2 and Veeva have been working together for a number of years. We are a technology and multi-channel content partner with Veeva, and in 2021 our integration with CRM/CLM was certified by Veeva. Through the content partnership program, D2’s staff holds business and technical certifications in CLM, Approved Email, Engage Meeting, and Engage for Portals. As part of our technology partnership, members of D2’s development team obtained white belt certification in both CRM and Vault. What is Dynamic CLM Integration? Our team had a specific pain point to solve: How can life sciences companies smoothly integrate outside data into Veeva? We created the Dynamic CLM Integration, a Veeva-certified technology solution, to push this external data into Veeva, making it available for use in presentations or to better inform reporting. Why Does Certification Matter? Being a Silver Certified Technology Partner means that we’ve met stringent criteria to provide a proven, validated, and certified integration with Veeva. Silver Certified Partners must have Veeva-trained employees, reference-able customers, and continuously work with Veeva’s product team to maintain their certified integration. What’s Next for D2 and Veeva? On top of our Dynamic CLM Integration , D2 Creative offers our clients multi-channel content partner services, enhanced Approved Email, content creation and publishing management, and custom development within Veeva. This is in addition to our standard digital agency offerings which include in-house brand building, digital marketing, video production, and other marketing support. There are plenty of opportunities for our current clients who use Veeva, as well as new clients, to take Veeva to the next level. Posted in Veeva Systems , Life Sciences Industry