---
source: "website"
content_type: "blogs_resources"
url: "https://www.d2creative.com/digital-glossary/brand-discovery/"
title: "Rapid Brand Discovery, Overview of Process & Deliverables"
domain: "www.d2creative.com"
path: "/digital-glossary/brand-discovery/"
scraped_time: "2025-09-06T13:53:11.161336"
url_depth: 2
word_count: 461
client_name: "D2 Creative"
---

# Rapid Brand Discovery, Overview of Process & Deliverables

DIGITAL GLOSSARY The Brand Discovery Process Learn More About Our Branding Design & Development Solutions Brand Discovery: What To Expect We really can’t tell you how other companies “do branding” because, frankly, there’s a lot of variation. We can tell you what we do. Every organization needs to go through branding at some point, and usually more than once. Effective branding means that your key, “big picture” thinkers need to get in one room and get their thoughts out on the table. That’s why we’ve created a streamlined branding process that we use with our clients for organizational-and product-level branding, rebranding, and “brand refreshing.” Usually it only takes one half-day, in-person meeting with all the stakeholders to complete our branding process. We’d like everyone’s input throughout the review process, but we know it’s hard to get everyone in the room together more than once, and we work with that. Our step-by-step process gets all the stakeholders on board and aligned quickly. We use interim steps and checkpoints to help us make sure everyone is still in agreement along the way. As a result, when we show you creative and strategic executions like a go-to-market plan, a logo, a tagline or website design, we get a lot of positive response and we’re able to move forward quickly. Every step in the process was built on a previous one and each one aligns with the fundamental brand concepts that everyone has agreed on. Are we revealing the recipe to the secret sauce? Not really. We think ours comes from our expertise and our ability to listen and come up with results that resonate with you and your audience. See Branding Samples & Request a Quote 7-Step Rapid Branding Process Each step of our Branding Workshop process includes plenty of opportunities for you to provide input and build consensus. Since every experience is tailored to our clients’ needs, we may not include every step in every branding exercise. For example, if you already have a name and logo set, we move right past that in the process. Here’s a list of steps in the process, and the deliverables we provide at each one. Step 1 – ½-day workshop with key stakeholders Step 2 – Research (competitive analysis, audit of current collateral) Step 3 – Create Discovery Workshop Findings Document Step 4 – Develop Messaging Framework Step 5 – Create Visual Brand Explorations (Mood Boards) Step 6 – Develop Brand Name, Brand Visual Identity, and Tag Line Step 7 – Create Brand Standards and Guidelines Document Brand & Messaging Development See Our Branding Samples Digital Glossary Appendix Awards & Certifications D2 Creative is a Women-owned Minority-owned Business. ©2025 D2 Creative. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy X Project Impressions and Clicks on Top Digital Platforms Calculate