---
source: "website"
content_type: "blogs_resources"
url: "https://www.d2creative.com/google-max-performance-campaigns/"
title: "Google Performance Max Campaign Benefits and Downsides"
domain: "www.d2creative.com"
path: "/google-max-performance-campaigns/"
scraped_time: "2025-09-06T13:53:11.470329"
url_depth: 1
word_count: 672
client_name: "D2 Creative"
---

# Google Performance Max Campaign Benefits and Downsides

Skip to content BLOG The Latest from Google Ads: Pros and Cons of Performance Max Campaigns Digital Marketing By Laura Lentchitsky , Director of Messaging and Strategic Growth Google Just Launched its Newest Campaign Type: Performance Max Marketers are used to selecting the ad formats and channels for campaigns in Google Ads. However, if you want to run Search ads and Display ads, you need to make two separate campaigns and split your budget accordingly. With the recent launch of Google’s Performance Max, those days are over. Instead of having to select and build separate campaigns for specific ad formats, Performance Max ads are shown in every channel Google is able to target within one campaign, including Search, Shopping, YouTube, Display, Discover, Gmail, and Maps. What Are the Benefits of a Performance Max Campaign? To start, it’s much easier to build one Performance Max Campaign than it is to create and monitor multiple campaigns by ad format or channel. You simply create one campaign and upload all your copy, images, and videos to that campaign. The real benefit comes from expanding your audience pool to include all of Google’s channels and networks, not just the ones you specifically select. This can help you find more converting customers from places you might not have expected. Finally, as marketers, we understand the frustration that can come with trying to crack Google’s algorithm. Most experts estimate that Google changes its search algorithm around 500-600 times each year. Whether you’re building an audience segment or optimizing a landing page for search, it can feel like a constant struggle to get it right so that you’re able to reach the right audience at the right time. Performance Max campaigns hand Google the reins, allowing it to use its real-time understanding of customer intents and preferences. Basically, you’re letting the algorithm do the heavy lifting for you. Performance Max Campaign Assets and Specifications Here are the assets you can include in your Google Performance Max campaign: Text 3-5 headlines (30 characters max; include one with 15 or less) 1-5 long headlines (90 characters max) 2-5 descriptions (90 characters max; include one with 60 or less) Image 1-20 landscape images (1.91:1) 1-20 square images (1:1) 0-20 portrait images (4:5) 1-5 square logos (1:1) 0-5 landscape logos (4:1) Video 0-5 horizontal, vertical, or square videos, at least 10 seconds long You’ll notice that some assets (like headlines, company logo, etc.) are mandatory, but others (like video) can be omitted if you don’t have content available. These specifications may change, so check Google Ads documentation for the most current information before you create your assets. What are the Drawbacks of a Google Performance Max Campaign? When building a campaign in Google Ads, one of the first steps is to select campaign advertising and conversion goals, respectively. This helps the Google algorithm better predict to whom to serve the ads based on the actions that person is most likely to take. Should your ads have different campaign goals, know that Google will only allow you to select one objective per campaign. For example, if you’re planning to increase website traffic using Search ads, build brand awareness using Display ads, and get leads using YouTube ads, a Performance Max campaign might not be the right choice. Lastly, if you already have a number of Google Ad campaigns up and running, it’s possible that a Performance Max campaign could cannibalize existing campaigns and cause their performance to suffer if you’re not properly prepared. Ready to Create a Campaign? Google Performance Max campaign can increase ad reach and find more customers where they are, but at a cost of some control. To set your Performance Max campaigns up for success, check out Google’s best practices guide or ask your digital ad agency for some assistance. D2 Creative is a certified Google Ads Partner. View All Blog Topics Awards & Certifications D2 Creative is a Women-owned Minority-owned Business. ©2025 D2 Creative. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy X Project Impressions and Clicks on Top Digital Platforms Calculate