---
source: "website"
content_type: "case_studies"
url: "https://www.d2creative.com/our-work/conference-archive-website-development-and-publishing/"
title: "Conference Archive Publishing and Standardization"
domain: "www.d2creative.com"
path: "/our-work/conference-archive-website-development-and-publishing/"
scraped_time: "2025-09-06T13:53:05.881986"
url_depth: 2
word_count: 489
client_name: "D2 Creative"
---

# Conference Archive Publishing and Standardization

Accellera Building a Future-Proof Conference Archive Website Design & Development The Challenge Our Approach The Result Accellera’s Design and Verification Conference and Exhibition (DVCon) is one of the largest conferences in the electronics industry. For over a decade, they’ve brought together industry experts to discuss the latest advancements in systems, software, design, and more at events in several different countries each year. However, the hundreds of documents from years of conferences quickly left them with a large library of conference materials, and they did not have the systems in place to keep them organized. Materials for each region and country’s conferences were scattered across multiple websites, making it difficult to find specific videos or presentations. The D2 Creative team had been providing Accellera with technical support for several years, which is why they reached out to us to help them organize and standardize their DVCon materials in one convenient location. Our goal was to take their conference archives from each country’s yearly event and put them all into one location on the Accellera website . This made it easier to ensure that all current and future DVCon assets would be searchable, organized, and easily available to the public. Doing this involved a large-scale publishing initiative. We uploaded all the archived documents to one centralized landing page and added search functionality to make documents from specific conferences easier to locate. Additionally, a large part of this initiative was developing an organizational framework for these conference archives so Accellera would not find itself in a similar predicament later down the line. We sorted the files into categories based on conference date and location, and gave each conference its own repository. We also set up many guidelines for standardization, such as standard filenames and title language for documents to ensure a clean and easy-to-scan look to the file archives. Accellera now has a proper, organized archive for users looking for info from DVCon events. But beyond that, they now have standardization in place for archived conference materials to help them keep future files organized and easily accessible for years of conferences to come. Additionally, having everything in one place gave them the previously not possible ability to track analytics on what past conference content was the most popular. By understanding what gets the most views and downloads, Accellera can get greater insight on the content, topics, and formats conference attendees want to see for the future. See More Case Studies Let’s Connect Let’s Connect New Business Mike DeFabrizio 732-539-2257 Email Mike Careers at D2 See Openings Insights Explore contemporary marketing and communications expertise: Digital Glossary Blog White Papers Video Library Digital Ad Performance Calculator Location 399 Campus Drive Suite 309 Somerset, NJ
08873-1178 Connect Send Us a Note How can we help you? Discuss a Project Learn More About D2 Creative Partner With Us Awards & Certifications D2 Creative is a Women-owned Minority-owned Business. ©2025 D2 Creative. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy