---
source: "website"
content_type: "case_studies"
url: "https://www.d2creative.com/our-work/campaign-development/"
title: "Integrated Marketing Campaign Development & Launch"
domain: "www.d2creative.com"
path: "/our-work/campaign-development/"
scraped_time: "2025-09-06T13:53:02.999317"
url_depth: 2
word_count: 405
client_name: "D2 Creative"
---

# Integrated Marketing Campaign Development & Launch

Fujifilm Medical Systems Campaign Development for a Broad-reaching Product Launch Campaign Development , Print Design , Trade Show Support , Website Design & Development The Challenge Our Approach The Result Fujifilm approached D2 Creative in anticipation of the launch of a new digital mammography product. Their new Aspire low-dose x-ray technology simplified breast imaging with smart controls and shortcuts. It also minimized patient discomfort and anxiety (compared to traditional mammograms) with a flexible, slotted, and tilted paddle design. Increased detection sensitivity made it easier to capture information while minimizing the patient x-ray dose. Fujifilm needed to present these imaging, operational, and patient benefits to multiple audiences including administrators, radiologists, technicians, patients and referring clinicians. With a single, broad-reaching campaign our task was to uniquely position Fujifilm in the women’s health space. D2 Creative’s first step was to take Fujifilm’s marketing team through a comprehensive campaign development workshop to understand the campaign objectives, measurements for success and core brand attributes. Our solution took shape in “The Vital Campaign”. Using a common tagline to address Fujifilm’s diverse audiences allowed us to direct an appropriate, focused message to each specific audience. From Here, the “Because ____ is vital,” was born. The Aspire campaign’s launch included a product website, email campaign, and sales kit. We also developed large format print graphics and an animated video demonstrating the innovative technology. This video was featured at the annual Radiology Society of North America (RSNA) conference, but can also be used to promote the product on social media or in client presentations. To help end users promote the product in their practices, we also developed an on-demand, innovative and customizable, strategy. This allows imaging centers to access compliant, Aspire-branded marketing and patient outreach materials through a secure website. Once customized with their own brand identities , product owners can download or print on-demand from the website. Campaign Development Mood Board Web Design & Development Sell Sheet See More Case Studies Let’s Connect Let’s Connect New Business Mike DeFabrizio 732-539-2257 Email Mike Careers at D2 See Openings Insights Explore contemporary marketing and communications expertise: Digital Glossary Blog White Papers Video Library Digital Ad Performance Calculator Location 399 Campus Drive Suite 309 Somerset, NJ
08873-1178 Connect Send Us a Note How can we help you? Discuss a Project Learn More About D2 Creative Partner With Us Awards & Certifications D2 Creative is a Women-owned Minority-owned Business. ©2025 D2 Creative. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy