---
source: "website"
content_type: "case_studies"
url: "https://www.d2creative.com/our-work/patient-education/"
title: "Simplifying Patient Education With Easy to Understand Video"
domain: "www.d2creative.com"
path: "/our-work/patient-education/"
scraped_time: "2025-09-06T13:53:08.624270"
url_depth: 2
word_count: 499
client_name: "D2 Creative"
---

# Simplifying Patient Education With Easy to Understand Video

Stand Up to Cancer Driving Awareness Around Clinical Trial Enrollment for Cancer Patients Digital Storytelling , Video Production The Challenge Our Approach The Result Stand Up To Cancer’s mission is to raise funds to accelerate the pace of groundbreaking research, thus expediting the discovery of new, life-saving cancer treatments. SU2C knows that clinical trials are one of the most important mechanisms scientists have to translate their findings into new therapies. Unfortunately, however, only 5% of adult cancer patients participate in clinical trials. SU2C needed health education content that could dispel misconceptions about cancer clinical trials, providing patients and their loved ones with a better understanding of how trials work as well as various treatment types. Their goal was to help patients make an informed decision when considering whether to participate in a trial. The late Patrick Gavin, a patient advocate working with D2 Creative through Mill Pond Communications, served on the Van Andel Research Institute-Stand Up To Cancer (VARI-SU2C) Epigenetics Dream Team and had benefitted from two clinical trials on his own cancer journey. In a conversation with SU2C leadership, Pat showed them a few of our Luminations. As a result, SU2C asked us to create 14 Luminations videos for the new Clinical Trials section of the Stand Up To Cancer website . Luminations videos incorporate a “special sauce” of character animation, visual metaphors, and a touch of humor—unexpected in this setting, all grounded in science and rooted in humanity. A lot of work goes into making Luminations appear as simple as possible. As part of the engagement, we developed a set of animated characters with a look and feel that complement the SU2C brand, as well as the breadth of the cancer community. Throughout the engagement, we worked closely with our patient advocate and SU2C to ensure that nuanced messaging was carefully conveyed. Our Luminations approach helps “take the scary out” of cancer patient education, making it easier and more enjoyable for patients to not only learn about their disease and treatment options but understand and remember what they’ve learned. The 14 Luminations videos created for SU2C appear contextually throughout the new Clinical Trials section of the Stand Up To Cancer website as well as on the organization’s YouTube channel . Along the way, we also worked closely with Stand Up To Cancer’s in-house digital, production, and communications teams, providing copywriting and consulting on the layout for the new Clinical Trials site . Video Cancer Clinical Trials: Biopsies Character Development Key Frames See More Case Studies Let’s Connect Let’s Connect New Business Mike DeFabrizio 732-539-2257 Email Mike Careers at D2 See Openings Insights Explore contemporary marketing and communications expertise: Digital Glossary Blog White Papers Video Library Digital Ad Performance Calculator Location 399 Campus Drive Suite 309 Somerset, NJ
08873-1178 Connect Send Us a Note How can we help you? Discuss a Project Learn More About D2 Creative Partner With Us Awards & Certifications D2 Creative is a Women-owned Minority-owned Business. ©2025 D2 Creative. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy