---
source: "website"
content_type: "case_studies"
url: "https://www.d2creative.com/our-work/live-event-series/"
title: "Promoting Brand Awareness with Thought Leader Speakers"
domain: "www.d2creative.com"
path: "/our-work/live-event-series/"
scraped_time: "2025-09-06T13:53:02.561345"
url_depth: 2
word_count: 550
client_name: "D2 Creative"
---

# Promoting Brand Awareness with Thought Leader Speakers

IEEE PULSE ON STAGE Boosting Brand Awareness with Thought Leadership in Cutting-Edge Tech Marketing Strategy , Video Production & Storytelling The Challenge Our Approach The Result Right now, members of the IEEE Engineering in Medicine and Biology Society (EMBS) are developing some of the most cutting-edge technologies on the planet. Through this research and development, their mission remains clear – to spread the word of these advancements and promote the field of biomedical engineering. IEEE EMBS engaged D2 Creative to help them increase brand awareness and spread the word about these groundbreaking technologies. They needed a digital marketing strategy that would attract biomedical engineers and encourage them to engage with the brand and its content. Given the increase in demand for educational video content, virtual lectures or webinars presented EMBS with significant opportunities. We answered back with a simple concept; create a speaker series that would introduce audiences to breaking technologies, while promoting EMBS as an organization and the biomedical engineering field as a whole. Our technology marketing insight and the input from the client, lead to the development of IEEE EMBS On Stage, a series of live speaker events to promote EMBS’s mission and present its members as thought leaders within the industry. Each event centers on a topic at the cutting edge of engineering, medicine and biology, and features global thought leaders and visionary businesspeople. The event was promoted through social channels and an email campaign . The campaign features high quality video clips, images and engaging copy. The first speaker event was held at a major medical IT conference and generated a lot of buzz across EMBS’ social media channels. The talks themselves are viewable on YouTube and the On Stage website, which also has special speaker interviews, short documentaries, and more one couldn’t get during the event. These videos continue to be well received and viewers can receive Continuing Medical Education (CME) credits for viewing them. BRANDING VISUAL IDENTITY TYPOGRAPHY A core element of the PULSE On Stage brand’s visual identity and personality is typography. Consistent use of typography makes all of our communications more cohesive and effective. Myriad Pro is designated as the primary font for the PULSE On Stage brand. Its modern, clean and technical look helps express the forward thinking values of the brand and differentiates it from its competitors. Roboto Slab is designated as the secondary font for the PULSE On Stage brand. Its strong serifs give it a distinguished and refined feeling appropriate to PULSE On Stage’s speakers and audience. Roboto Slab should be used for headlines and to call attention to specific pieces of content, such as in block quotes, in print and digital applications. MARKETING MATERIALS WEB DESIGN & DEVELOPMENT MOBILE WEB DESIGN & DEVELOPMENT Video IEEE Pulse on Stage Highlights KEY FRAMES See More Case Studies Let’s Connect Let’s Connect New Business Mike DeFabrizio 732-539-2257 Email Mike Careers at D2 See Openings Insights Explore contemporary marketing and communications expertise: Digital Glossary Blog White Papers Video Library Digital Ad Performance Calculator Location 399 Campus Drive Suite 309 Somerset, NJ
08873-1178 Connect Send Us a Note How can we help you? Discuss a Project Learn More About D2 Creative Partner With Us Awards & Certifications D2 Creative is a Women-owned Minority-owned Business. ©2025 D2 Creative. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy