---
source: "website"
content_type: "services_products"
url: "https://www.d2creative.com/remote-video-production-from-anywhere/"
title: "Remote Video Kits Turned Challenges into Opportunities"
domain: "www.d2creative.com"
path: "/remote-video-production-from-anywhere/"
scraped_time: "2025-09-06T13:53:03.899384"
url_depth: 1
word_count: 547
client_name: "D2 Creative"
---

# Remote Video Kits Turned Challenges into Opportunities

Skip to content BLOG Turning COVID Challenges into New Opportunities Digital Marketing By Kenny Kudzma , Copywriter & Content Specialist The pandemic presented (and continues to present) a myriad of challenges for businesses, but staying agile can lead to new and more innovative solutions. A recent example is also a personal one, with the recent addition of fully remote video shoots to our video production toolbox. From Frustration to Innovation Just before the start of the pandemic, our team was ready to produce interview-style content for one of our longtime clients, IEEE EMBS. However, COVID made the process a lot more complicated, and routine video shoots quickly became anything but. With travel restrictions and lockdowns in place, flying our crew and equipment out to interviewees became out of the question. We needed to find a way to do things remotely, but how could we keep the finished video looking professional and polished, not a choppy, blurry Zoom recording? We quickly put together equipment kits, which we mailed to interviewees. We also researched higher-quality video capture alternatives and put processes in place to help interviewees set up everything on their own. We were able to produce video of the quality that IEEE EMBS needed, and now had new remote video production capabilities and technologies we could leverage with all of our clients. Finding the Silver Lining When the tried-and-true way of making video content for clients was suddenly not an option, we discovered a way of shooting them that, in some scenarios, is even better. As challenging as this dilemma was, solving it lead to a video production tool that could help far beyond its original need. Video shoots with clients around the world can be extremely expensive given the time and cost of travel. But with our remote recording kits, what used to take weeks can be done in as little as a few days. All it took for us to find out how was a push out of our comfort zone. Here’s the big takeaway: In every challenge your company faces, there are opportunities for growth you wouldn’t otherwise see. Whether it’s difficulties specifically related to the pandemic, or something more general, taking a step back and examining how to turn difficult situations into innovative solutions is a major part of how companies grow. The interviewee receives a kit in the mail with all necessary equipment. After an easy setup, the interview can begin. We capture high-quality images and sound from virtually anywhere. Can You Tell the Difference? I’ve got a challenge for you. Watch just one of the dozens of videos we produced for IEEE EMBS during the pandemic. Can you tell that it wasn’t shot by an on-site film crew? We take pride in our ability to solve problems, both for ourselves and our clients. You can read more about how our challenges with IEEE EMBS remote shoots turned into a new and exciting innovation for our video team in our recent case study. Or, browse some of our other stories of how we’ve helped our clients solve more digital marketing issues. View All Blog Topics Awards & Certifications D2 Creative is a Women-owned Minority-owned Business. ©2025 D2 Creative. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy X Project Impressions and Clicks on Top Digital Platforms Calculate