---
source: "website"
content_type: "blogs_resources"
url: "https://whitelabeldigital.co/tag/google-ads/"
title: "Google Ads Insights"
domain: "whitelabeldigital.co"
path: "/tag/google-ads/"
scraped_time: "2025-10-03T05:52:35.733051"
url_depth: 2
word_count: 1067
client_name: "white-label-markitdown-sample"
---

# google ads

### Viewing posts tagged google ads

## [Google is a For-Profit Business](https://whitelabeldigital.co/google-is-a-for-profit-business/)

By Robert Pettee

Most agencies have experienced the onslaught of calls, texts, and emails from Google Ads reps. If you manage dozens, even hundreds of Ads Accounts, by now you know to tune that noise out. Still though, you’re left to deal with responding to clients who also get those messages, talking them down from many of Google’s recommendations (for the purpose of maximizing ROI from clients’ campaigns). Obviously, I’m speaking to Ad Accounts that are properly managed, to the extent that Google’s recommendations are 99% focused on Google’s revenue and not necessarily that of the advertiser. Normally, any info is good info, especially around platform changes or campaign suggestions. Also, having a rep’s contact info handy in case something needs to be escalated is always a good idea. We log that contact info, and the list is long, they also change frequently. Each Ad account has someone different assigned, often overseas, and they switch accounts every few months. I’m certain that most of them have never managed an Ads Campaign, but they’re remarkably similar in the scripts that they recite. Still though, when you’re out of options and you’re arguing with an AI Bot around punctuation or otherwise legitimacy of your ad content, it’s nice to have someone who can help. All that said, most of the recommendations they lend for our clients are horrific ideas. Nearly always, it’s about spending more, increasing budget, or limiting the “wasted opportunity” that is our currently insufficient budget settings. This is where I see a problem; incessant calls and emails is merely a symptom of the problem. Consider that most consumers see Google as a search engine and an email service, with some extra tools like Docs or Drive. I’ve only been a digital marketer, going back to transparent CPC landscapes in Yahoo! Search, so I shouldn’t guess as to how accurately the average consumer links YouTube and Google. What I see is Google being a publisher (of your ad content), using a black box pricing model, while also representing a huge swath of content producers (upon whose sites your ads might be placed) to sell space on those websites with a black box pricing model. Google is going to recommend changes that are good for Google, one way or another. Some of them could help the advertiser, but some will not. Further consider that Google is years into a push toward fully automated ad creation and management to the point where many advertisers simply give Google their domain and let Google build their ads, construct ad copy, and completely build campaigns without user input. All of that responsibility in the hands of the company that determines what your costs are. Google is a business. That’s the single best way I know how to remind people, without preaching or exposing a degree of nerdiness that might soil a social interaction. It’s true, and as long as it’s true, small advertisers really need help navigating the BS that gets slung their way by people who literally get paid for every minute they get an Ads Account owner on the telephone. It’s genius, from a business perspective, how easy it is to spend money in Google Ads and how easily their contract sales force can seem like a free lifeline to critical information. Any info is good info, but be mindful of the source of recommendations, and be well aware of the impact of any recommended changes.

## [So, You Say You’ve Tried Google Before?](https://whitelabeldigital.co/so-you-say-youve-tried-google-before/)

By Robert Pettee

For some, it’s beneficial to unpack that what it means to have “tried Google Ads”, often rolling-back some preconceived notions or identifying some missed steps. In some cases, it’s best to politely (but intently) ignore what’s been tested or executed previously, with a logical and rational explanation to the brand owner, to focus on what opportunities lie ahead. For all though, shy of niche B2B initiatives, there’s something within Google’s stack that you should be leveraging to drive new business and positive ROI. There are also things that you should be avoiding, blocking, or mitigating to avoid wasteful ad spend and inefficient ad campaigns. Google, websites, online ads; these things have become commodities, easily overlooked once we see something as “done”. Having a website (alone) doesn’t mean much, nor does having spent money in a Google Ads account. Having a car in your driveway doesn’t qualify you to win a race, or even enter one. You’re familiar with cars, you even drive one daily, and isn’t a race just people driving cars? If you were in some sort of driving competition, you’d want advice on how best to drive that car of yours, from someone who knows you and your car, but more importantly, knows how to race a car. That level of expertise and quality of advice will matter, even with tools and applications that you feel familiar with. It pays to seek the help of those who have seen the best and worst, across business verticals. With Google it’s as much about what not to do, as what to do, including ignoring some specific recommendations from Google reps and the Google Ads UI. Know where to use – and not use – or even block/prohibit certain assets or settings. Understand the difference between bid strategies related to new, short-lived, or long-standing campaigns, with respect to how different strategies are likely to impact KPIs. Keep an eye out for automatically applied changes to campaigns or account settings, leveraging them sparingly, if at all. Those truly qualified will have alerts systems and Google Rules or Scripts for safeguards and automation. Leverage GTM to lend signals (valued interactions on your site) where conversion volume is minimal. Day-part your call extensions, monitor for unanswered calls, scan your CRM for the phone numbers that called you from your ads, and leverage Google’s website phone swapper for improved call tracking. Leverage Local Business profiles and keep Shopping Feeds concise and clean, while lending full info to the items you do list, leveraging Performance Max Shopping campaigns with that feed. If you’ve tried Google Ads, it’s unlikely that you tried it the same way as someone who successfully spends hundreds of thousands of dollars, daily, in a direct-response, performance-based environment. Most digital marketers will never meet someone like this; we are those people.