---
source: "website"
content_type: "blogs_resources"
url: "https://whitelabeldigital.co/tag/conversion-funnels/"
title: "Conversion Funnels"
domain: "whitelabeldigital.co"
path: "/tag/conversion-funnels/"
scraped_time: "2025-10-03T05:56:46.629572"
url_depth: 2
word_count: 1180
client_name: "white-label-markitdown-sample"
---

# conversion funnels

### Viewing posts tagged conversion funnels

## [User Segmentation, No Mas](https://whitelabeldigital.co/user-segmentation-no-mas/)

By Robert Pettee

Changes in privacy and general tech over the last several years have all but completely hampered audience (user) segmentation on the client-side. Meaning, we can’t reliably segment website visitors, such that testing landing pages and conversion funnels no longer lets us ensure that whatever test variation you see first is the only one that you see. You’re in “bucket A” or “bucket B”, but not both. That’s out the window, for the most part, shy of some pretty expensive tools but even then, it’s not really clean. Same goes for creative testing, where the end user is so often behind a veil that you can’t reliably show any particular user only one of your ad creative variations. We’re back to 2005 on this point, where creative testing is still beneficial but a bit of a free-for-all. If you have a favorite plugin, give us a shout (marketing@whitelabeldigital.co), there’s always something new out there and we’d love to hear about it. Don’t let the lack of a handle convince you not to test ad creative or conversion funnels. It’s still important. I like to ask clients, “if you ran a retail store and I could tell you that as people walk-in they’ll see different layouts of your store/products, we’ll monitor which layouts they see over time, and track each layout’s impact on sales. At the end of the test we’ll tell you which layout drives the highest sales per visitor – would you want me to do that?”. The answer is obviously yes, but why people don’t do this with their websites is a mystery. Seems like a giant oversight, to me. Don’t forget that it doesn’t really matter why a color, CTA, headline, or other variation works better than another, it only matters that you know what works best so that you can act on it. Test, implement the winner, repeat, but in small increments and for large volume sites you might consider using a small portion of your site’s traffic as a test pool. You’ll also likely find different “champion” iterations from one channel or traffic source to the next. That’s OK, given the varying level of motivation and familiarity that users have across all of your marketing channels. – _We’re always looking for problems to solve, and we’re happy to show you how we do it. Drop us a line [**here**](https://whitelabeldigital.co/contact/) or email us directly at _info@whitelabeldigital.co_ for more info._

## [Paid Ad Landing Pages](https://whitelabeldigital.co/paid-ad-landing-pages/)

By Robert Pettee

If you’re spending enough money on paid ads, you should consider landing pages that you can test and optimize for paid ad traffic, specifically. Normally these pages have no-follow tags and no mention or connection to the regular website, they’re purely for converting paid ad traffic. This also means that they can be tested to increase the revenue of your ad traffic, without disturbing the main website, your SEO, or your existing & returning customers’ experience. You can mirror the messaging in your ads, test different CTAs, and test the position of CTAs and forms or other conversion events. With dedicated paid ad landing pages, you can also be a bit pushier and stronger with CTAs, compared to how you’d speak to your organic website traffic. That’s an important distinction, that people who know who you are and came to your site behave entirely different than people who don’t know who you are and were doing something else when you found them with an advertisement. Landing pages don’t have to be expensive, either. Often cloning an existing page and making some simple tweaks can go a long way. If you’re building a website, it’s a fraction of the normal cost to simply consider landing pages during design & development. Consider removing some navigation from paid ad landers, maybe make the logo in your header not clickable. Keep in mind that all of this can be tracked and tested; you might think user would get irritated if they can’t click the logo or are missing links in the header, but if revenue per site visitor goes up, put the assumptions aside. If your budgets are large enough, it’s a near guarantee that different sources of traffic will perform best using different landing pages and assets. Different users, different mindsets, slightly different landing pages. You can also consider making geographic references on landing pages, where your buys are segmented well enough to speak to users’ geographic location. Again, test it to see if it actually moves the needle with respect to revenue per site visitor. – _We’re always looking for problems to solve, and we’re happy to show you how we do it. Drop us a line [**here**](https://whitelabeldigital.co/contact/) or email us directly at _info@whitelabeldigital.co_ for more info._

## [Can I Just Build You a Website?](https://whitelabeldigital.co/can-i-just-build-you-a-website/)

By Robert Pettee

If you’re at an agency, you’ve almost certainly seen clients with websites that you’d suggest they show nobody, ever. We’ve got a couple of digital tactics on-hand for these clients, where we drive people to call or convert without sending anyone to the client’s site. Do what you need to do, in order to monetize the traffic you generate with ad spend, that’s the idea. It’s also a bit of a shock to some clients that simply putting information in an image and showing that image on screens is “job done”. Ads get people’s attention and drive them to a website that needs to convey benefits and CTAs to push the user down a conversion funnel. We’ll also build a website if we truly need one. For one client a few years ago, we spent upwards of $40,000 building a website and custom CMS for evolving coupons and promotions. They were a huge group of franchise owners in the retail space, across the country, without access to track the website managed by headquarters. Even with access, it wasn’t what we needed, so we just built a new site that’d let us offer-up downloadable coupons and spin-up pages & promotions on a dime, all tracked properly. Our pricing model let us simply bake-in that cost, or at least most of it, over the course of the year. No debates, no corralling 800 business owners, no underestimation or confusion [on the part of the client] as to the value of having this new website. Do what you need to do, in order to monetize the traffic you generate with ad spend, as always. The concept of monetizing your website visitors, focusing on revenue per visitor, is another reason why we love testing landing pages. The numbers don’t lie, testing works and without an adequate website you just can’t get that done. Consider paid ad landing pages during development and you’ll be able to get the assets that you need for a tiny additional expense to the project. – _We’re always looking for problems to solve, and we’re happy to show you how we do it. Drop us a line [**here**](https://whitelabeldigital.co/contact/) or email us directly at _info@whitelabeldigital.co_ for more info._